Until last week
I saw Lin Hong again
He had advanced stomach cancer.
Rejuvenation
He will also hide a secret for more than 20 years
Told me
20 years ago, my child couldn't even hear a cry
I can't help it.
I just want to pay attention to each other with the children of rich people
So pinch him God of Wealth
Lady's child
It's Sister Ruo
A true daughter
To be honest, I couldn't believe it at the time
On the same day
I actually encountered two congenital diseases in a row
Child with heart disease
It was the same person
Hey
What are you doing?
dean
I heard you and my mom talking
I would like to ask you to keep the gentleman of the falling snow
Dean, this is my mother's heart
I don't want her to die with regret
Every year this child is kind by nature
In return for the nourishment of the soul
Willing to hide her background for Luo Xueqin
But what I didn't expect was
In order to protect Luo Xueqin's life experience
He actually concealed his background